Remove broken link to internal mode migration (#130)
voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy: docker/README.md

Voxel51 recommends upgrading your deployment using
[`legacy` authentication mode](https://docs.voxel51.com/teams/pluggable_auth.html#legacy-mode)
and

> migrating

Reviewer: Line 115-117 should be changed to 

```
and migrating to
```

GitHub won't let me make a suggestion on a deleted line

to
[`internal` authentication mode](https://docs.voxel51.com/teams/pluggable_auth.html#internal-mode)
after confirming your initial upgrade was successful.

> Please reach out to your Voxel51 customer success representative for assistance in migrating to internal mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact your Voxel51 customer success
representative for assistance in migrating to internal mode.
```

line length.
